output\
	bin\		Scripts for doing various parts of data-processing.
			Further details below
	header		Header file used by preprocess_summary
	log.txt		Text file containing interesting things discovered in
			the data while working on this system.
	datacolumns.txt	Text file containing column numbers of all fields in
			summary files - for use with importing into spreadsheets
	octavecode\	Contains octave .m files for user defined functions used
			in the processing of the data.

Software requirements
---------------------
octave 2.1: These scripts don't work out of the box with octave 2.9 or newer.

Details of processing scripts 
----------------------------- 
These all need to be run while the current directory is the output folder,
octave must be installed and output/bin must be in your path.

plotscenario:
Generates a postscript file showing a map of the connections between nodes.
preprocess_scenario is used by this script. Example usage of plotscenario

plotscenario scenario-myfile out.ps

where scenario-myfile is one of the files starting with "scenario-" that are
generated by refine, and out.ps is the name of the postscript file to generate.
Scenario files contain details of where the nodes have been placed in a
particular run of the simulation

plotlog:
Generates a postscript file showing how accurate the calculated locations of the
nodes are. preprocess_log is used by this script. Example usage:

plotlog log-something-err test.ps

where log-something-err is the stderr output from refine, and test.ps is the
name of the postscript file to generate.

plotrehist:
Generates a series of postscript files plotting the graphed error in the
locations from a particular algorithm, using a variety of different averaging
techniques. mergeps is used by this script. Example usage:

plotrehist log-something-err algorithm_name

where log-something-err is the stderr output from refine, and algorithm_name is
the algorithm name for the output files, which will be named
plot-algorithm_name-*.ps and plotpage-algorithm_where log-something-err is the
stderr output from refine, and algorithm_name is the algorithm name for the
output files, which will be named plot-algorithm_name-*.ps (indidual graphs) and
plotpage-algorithm_name.ps (merged set of all graphs on one page).
