This example shows how to use MiXiMs implementation of the ieee802154
narrow band protocol. It also provides an example on using the global 
blackboard provided by BaseWorldUtility.

The network consist of the "WorldUtilityStats" which extends from 
BaseWorldUtility to collect some global statistics as well as the 
usual ConnectionManager and a number of host.
The hosts contain a special Traffic generation layer (also shows how 
to publish global statistics to the global blackboard) which lies 
directly above the NIC which moreover consist of the "csma"-mac 
layer module and the PhyLayer. The PhyLayer uses "Decider802154Narrow"
as a decider.

There are three "Test"s which try to show the characteristics of the
used csma mac layer. For each of these tests exists a "runTestX.sh" 
script as well as a "TestX.anf" file which execute the configurations 
necessary to produce the result-files for the according "*.anf" file.
So you can take a look at the result of these tests by calling the 
"runTestX.sh" script and then opening the according "TestX.anf" file.

------------------------------
Test 1

This configuration produces the usage statistics of the channel for 
different parameters. Usage statistics means how much of the 
channels possible maximum capacity is used at which amount of generated
traffic.

The results of this tests are visualized by "Test1.anf" and show plots 
of the generated traffic against the received traffic where both values
are normalized against bitrate and simulation time.
If everything was fine this should plot 5 lines which converge with
different speeds to a channel usage of about 0.8 (depending on the used 
parameters).
You also might see strange outliers in a few of these lines. These seem
to be caused by wrong reading of the output scalars. The outliers are not
present in the actual output scalars. You can read and plot the output 
scalars using matlab to verify this.

------------------------------
Test 2

These test configurations are meant to show the effect of MAC-ACKS on the
usage of the channel with increasing distance between the hosts.
Test2-C further shows the effect of the hidden station problem on CSMA.

The results can be visualized by "Test2.anf" and show plots of channel 
usage at different distances.
The graph shows three lines plotting the channel usage against the distance
between the nodes. You should see that channel usage begins to decrease
rapidly around a distance of 170 metres. Whereas the run with MAC-Acks 
enabled should begin decreasing later than the run without.
The third line shows the performance in the hidden station scenario. It
should show a huge performance decrease at a distance around 120 metres.
This is the point where the two senders are not in range of each other
anymore and begin to interfere each others transmissions to the receiver.

-----------------------------
Test 3

This tests is meant to show that CSMA uses exponential backoffs. This is 
done by increasing the number of hosts in the network exponentially.
While the average backoff duration of each hosts should increase
exponentially, the average number of backoffs should increase linearly.

The results of this tests are visualized by "Test3.anf".
It should show four bar charts displaying the following parameters for 
each run.
Chart 1 - average number of transmitted frames per node
These bars should be between 5 and 10 frames per node.
Chart 2 - average number of backoffs per node
These bars should increase almost linear with each run. This results
from the exponential backoffs.
Chart 3 - average time spent in backoff per node
These bars should increase exponential with each run.
Chart 4 - amount of nodes present
These bars should increase exponential 2, 4, 8, 16, 32, ...

